TELCODOCS-903: Graceful Node Shutdown (#56770)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-nodes-grace-periods-graceful-shutdown.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
// * nodes/nodes-nodes-graceful-shutdown

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="nodes-nodes-grace-periods-graceful-shutdown_{context}"]

Reviewer: I think this section has duplicate content with previous section (id="nodes-nodes-activating-graceful-shutdown_{context}") . Both said creating KubeletConfig to configure shutdownGracePeriod.

Can we remove this section or merge it's content to previous section?

Author: Removed.

Author: Migrated some content to previous topic.

= Configuring grace periods

> You can create and applying a custom `KubeletConfig` to configure grace periods and associated pods.

Author: Done.

> Set the `shutdownGracePeriod` and `shutdownGracePeriodCriticalPods` timings  for normal and critical pods.

Author: Done.

> Label one or more `MachineConfigPools` to apply the custom kubelet configuration to one or more nodes in a pool.

Reviewer 2: _If necessary_, "label one or more `MachineConfigPools`"

By default, `shutdownGracePeriod` and `shutdownGracePeriodCriticalPods` are set to 0.

> In this example, kubelet will delay node shutdown for 30 minutes. 20 minutes (30-10) are reserved for normal pods, and 10 minutes for pods for "critical" pods (pods with priority >=2000000000). 

Reviewer: and 10 minutes for pods for "critical" pods 
should corrected:  and 10 minutes are reserved for "critical" pods 
or: and 10 minutes for pods of "critical"

Author: Clarified.

> In this example, kubelet will delay node shutdown for 30 minutes. 20 minutes (30-10) are reserved for normal pods, and 10 minutes for pods for "critical" pods (pods with priority >=2000000000). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this example, kubelet delays node shutdown for 30 minutes. 20 minutes are reserved for normal pods, and 10 minutes for pods for "critical" pods (pods with priority >=2000000000). 
```

Author: Done.

+
[source,yaml]
----

> piVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1

Author: Done.
